---
title: "Saratoga 08/21/2021"
date: 2021-08-21T14:46:10+06:00
description: "This is meta description"
type: "post"
image: "images/masonary-post/Group8-21.jpg"
categories:
  - "Photo"
  - "Video"
tags:
  - "Flute"
  - "Harp"
  - "Piano"
  - "Violin"
  - "Saratoga"
---

Blog Post August 21, 2021


In the early, cold, smoky Saturday morning, 5 members of the MYM team arrived in a battle zone. We feared for our lives as we played our instruments, or shall I say, feared for our instrument’s lives as I almost lost the keyboard and the harp as the tent practically flew over our heads.
<insert Group8-21>

The monstrous wind.
It was us and the music against that monstrous wind. The wind whipped our ears so we could barely hear ourselves playing. It was even worse because the wind pulled the sound we made away from us and our instruments, replacing them with dirt and dust. As a contact lens wearer, it was quite the challenge to keep playing while blinking furiously.

<Insert Aesthetic berries and/or AestheticFlowers>


But we felt community. People around us helped us. A lady in a pink shirt from a nearby stall helped us secure our tent with the sad bags. The market manager came over carrying two more sandbags for us. The man at the shaved ice station helped us secure our whiteboard to the tent pole with a huge metal clip. (He told us to return it back to him after, but I’m not sure we did… )

Today’s experience was different and difficult, but we learned many things as well. Despite a monstrous wind, we could play on. Despite our difficulties, kind people around us stopped to help us out. And finally, we need to fix that bass speaker on the keyboard - why does it keep dying!!!
<Insert Anthony+wave> <Insert Judy+3chins> <Insert Irene pic>

But finally, if we are given the chance, and we see some of our stall neighbors in need of help, let us stop and help them too. This is the power of community.
<insert the 4 or 5 youtube vids>
